Update NOTICE (#772)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: README.md

    <img alt="tool icon" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/icon-deepsparse.png" />
    &nbsp;&nbsp;DeepSparse Engine
  </h1>

>   <h3> An inference runtime offering GPU-class performance on CPUs and APIs to integrate ML into your application. </h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h3> An inference runtime offering GPU-class performance on CPUs and APIs to integrate ML into your application.</h3>
```

Reviewer: taglines/subheadlines  don't normally get periods at the end as we haven't been doing that stylistically throughout the site.

### License

> The Community Edition of the project's binary containing DeepSparse is licensed under the [Neural Magic DeepSparse Community License.](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/LICENSE-NEURALMAGIC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DeepSparse Community](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/products/deepsparse) is licensed under the [Neural Magic DeepSparse Community License.](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/LICENSE-NEURALMAGIC)
```

Author: This is the right one, yes?
